** Undetected compile-time errors:

errsinitscope.spar	Forward ref to class field should cause error.
errsinitscope1.spar	Forward ref to class field should cause error.
errjlsZ1.spar		Forward ref to class field should cause error.
errjlsZ2.spar		Forward ref to class field should cause error.
errjlsinit.spar		Forward ref to class field should cause error.
errjlsbadthrows1.spar	Throws clauses not yet checked
errjlsbadthrows2.spar	Throws clauses not yet checked
errjlsonames1.spar	Explicit import is overridden by local class.
err1.java		Weakening priviledges through inheritance
errjlscyclicinner.spar	Inner classes
errjlsnooutercons.spar	Inner classes
errjlsusebefore.spar	Anonymous inner classes


** Unimplemented language features:

okjls1M.spar		Integer division by zero exception not implemented
okjlsamem.spar		getClass() not supported on arrays.
okjlsarrayclone.spar	The clone() method on arrays is not yet supported
okjlsarrsuper.spar	getClass() not supported on arrays.
okjlsshallow.spar	Uses clone() method on array
rteclasscast.spar	Illegal class casts do not yet cause an exception
okjlsdoublescope.spar	Inner classes


** Fundamentally unsupported language features:

okjlscons.spar		Uses Class.newInstance()
okthreads.spar		Uses Thread


** Analysis errors:

okjlsda1.spar		Weakness in && definite assignment analysis.


** Incorrect code generated:

okjlsnan.spar		Narrowing conversions are sometimes incorrect.
okjlsnarrow.spar	Narrowing conversions are sometimes incorrect.
okjlspeek.spar		Static initialization order is incorrect (do I care?)
okjlsprec.spar		Expression does not print as inf. (do I care?)
okjlsround.spar		Different evaluation of doubles
okjlsevalorder.spar	Bad evaluation order


** Incomplete runtime:

okjlsexcept.spar	Exception on integer division by zero not implemented


** Internal compiler error:

okjlscastconv.spar	Vnus(!) complains about cast tween incompatible arrays.
			This is fundamental in Vnus (urgh).
okjlssx.spar		Complaint about incompatible arrays.


** Unfinished tests:

gencholesky.spar	Incomplete numerical benchmark program


** Multiple errors:

okjlstestexception.spar	/0 exception not implemented;
			a bug in null pointer check analysis.
